The day of the meeting came. We were all sitting in the grand hall, there were over 100 people including the leaders and their escort. Garaam was forced to sat next to me and Adam while she wanted to just help in the kitchen.

"Fellow leaders" said Adam. "It has been a while since we last gathered here, and we should appreciate the fact that the weather was good enough during all of your travels that you could arrive here safely".

They all listened to Adam with excitement and joy. Somehow when you bring all good people to a room, even the vibe warmed the cold castle.

"I believe, you have received the letter that Lady Anabel have sent to you personally, one by one alongside her aide Lady Garaam"
I only came to know about the letter content a day ago. Pretty much it talked about, Adam wanting to relieve Lilith of her duty as the Queen and the one who sent the letter was the candidate. He wrote about my origin, which Gyl would have already known, and the reason he asked me to send it personally so they could judge whether they will accept the Lady Post-man or not. Additionally knowing I had a very strong hearing, he forbade anyone to speak of it openly, they may discuss in a discreet manner such as writing or any other things to hide these facts from my ear.

"Eventually, no one objected if I understand correctly from the letter you sent back to me" and I could see everyone nodded.

Adam made it so that each leader would just prepare a letter to communicate back to him, and again to hide the fact from me, and they must have respected Adam their great-great grandfather a lot to follow his stupid requests.

"But, some of you questioned, where would I be if she is crowned a new queen"
"Yes" some people shouted.
Adam took a deep breathe. He already explained it to me once then he explained it again to them, and obviously I could see some kind of dark clouds amongst them, they did not want their sole-protector to go from them. Most of them have lived thousands of years knowing him, and he was literally what made them human.

To be honest, I also wondered, amidst meeting them all, I was nothing but a stranger, who just came roughly 50 days prior, but then was a Queen candidate. On his letter, he explained the reason I was exiled, which revolves around the fact that I protected Garaam.

"Do you really need to go?" asked one of the leader, one of the oldest in Niflheim.
Adam did not answer, but his warm smile already meant a lot of things.

At first people mumbled amongst themselves, but eventually, silence came by its own. I could understand.


A woman, Thyra also one of the oldest in Niflheim stood up and said. "May I, My Lord?" she asked elegantly.
"Yes please" said Adam.

"I was one of the first people to be here. I think I am even older than Lady Garaam" she said. She knew us of course, we spent a night at her civilization that would look like a rabbit hole. "And I knew how much you loved our Queen"

Everyone agrees. As a matter of fact, each of the leaders knew how Lilith looks like.

"And therefore, from my own, heart. Please go, and save her" she said. Somehow there were light upon people's face. Many were doubtful of wanting to part with him or not, but the single opinion strengthen those who would accept Adam and Lilith's departure.
"You have done so much for us, and if you believed Lady Anabel would be able to lead us, we would then believe in you"

I have not even said yes, but I was honestly happy.

Then some other people stood up.
"I agree"
and more, and more.

Then Alaric, which civilization I saved from Niddhogg stood up as well, "Lady Anabel protected us from Niddhogg, there were some loss but if not for her, we would have lost one civilization. So not only I will tell you to go and save your true love, you can also trust Niflheim to the new Queen"

"Queen my ass" I told Garaam. "I haven't even said yes to Adam"
She raised one of her eyebrow. A single eyebrow could show thousands of years of sarcasm.

Then, someone stood up, my very good friend Gyl. "Sorry, but I would not allow you to go" she said. She ruined the positive mood, but she voiced her own opinion. Everyone looked at her.
"The first time Lady Garaam introduced themselves, she said Lady Anabel is a nuisance" people were amazed at her words even I saw Garaam's flat face grew brighter hearing that.

"So you are leaving the Queendom to that Lady Nuisance? You are rude to do that" I was out of breath, but Garaam showed a soft smile as she listened. 
People were confused of her words.

"Therefore, if you really cared about us. Please return one day, once Lady Lilith has been healed. Let her pay a visit to our new future Queen, Lady Nuisance" she said.

I was not quite sure, at first they were talking about Adam leaving, but then me being the new queen.

Adam let out a laugh. "Yes, I will"
So everyone agreed, they would let Adam leave.

"And so, Lady Anabel, daughter of the God of Trickster Loki, everyone agreed about you being the new queen, would you take the crown? Or maybe I should say, would you be our daily sacrificial lamb because without your powers the death will die permanently" said Adam.

I folded my hands. In fact I was trapped, I fell for his schemes.

"Before that, you must have told her about the curse right?" said Fyodor one of the other leaders.

"Not only have I told her. I let her see these too, and you can see she is still the same person she is today compared to when she first met you" hearing this many of them murmured between themselves as if it was a big thing. From what I overheard between them, Adam might have shown some of them and the news spread about how bad it affected them amidst only a single glimpse.

"And what do you say, Lady Anabel?" Fyodor asked again. The way Fyodor talked, seemed that he was one of the few who once saw it.

"Uhmm..." I paused a bit. "I am not sure how I feel, even I have not agreed on being the queen" I told them, and they murmured again.
"But, maybe I hated the helplesness I had. For seeing without being able to help them" I glanced at Garaam as I said that. Amidst not given the chance to see, Garaam was awfully quiet, she seemed to be very fast in understanding things.

"Reminds me of someone when the first time she touched the crown" said Thyra.
Adam smiled.

"Yes, and that person cried the first time she saw these, and hated her helplesness" another oldest man named Ragnar added.
"And eventually, amidst seeing darkness and struggling, she is still our light to this day" Thyra added. It would seem that they were talking about Lilith.

"So, we would not force you to become our Queen, you can go back to our cave if you want. Many of them once lived without the queen before our Queen come. And we can keep it that way if you dont want, but let Lord Adam and Lady Lilith go" said Gyl to me.

And then they coerced the foreigner who barely stayed for 50 days as the new queen.
